- Pharmacology
  1. C. trichomonas infected pregnant woman. Which treatment? (drug and dosage)
      - Azitromycin 1gPO single dose
  2. What is the type of ART?
      - Treatement as prevention
  3. New influenza drug that inhibits endonuclease?
      - Baloxavir
  4. Single intravenous injection for a severe influenza patient?
      - Peramivir
  5. Anti pseudomonas drug?
      - Ceftazidime
  6. Bone'da reposition deposition
  7. Red man syndrome
      - Vancomycin
  8. Which one of the followings is a new generation cephalosporin with anti-MRSA activity,
     approved for treatment of acute skin infections and community acquired pneumonia bacterial pneumonia?
      - Ceftaroline
- Genetics
  1. The part of antibody that attaches to antigen?
      - Idiotype
  2. Which cells make hybridoma?
      - Memory B cells and melanoma
  3. Which one is true for DNA vaccines?
      - The immunogenic protein associated with a DNA vaccine is generated by the cells of the host.

- Infectious Diseases
  1. Which one is not a complicated UTI?
      - Cystitis in sexually active young woman
  2. Cause of meningitis, nasopharynx as a reservoir in crowded areas?
      - N. meningitidis
  3. HSV enchephalitis, which lobe?
      - Temporal lobe
  4. High fever, weakness, sore throat, runny nose, cough, myalgia?
      - Influenza
  5. Bronchitis most commonly
      - by viruses
  6. HBsAg(-), HBcAg IgG (+), anti-HBc(+), HAV IgM(+), diagnosis?
      - Acute hepatitis A
  7. Most common cause of UTI in sexually active women?
      - Staphylococcus saphrophyticus
  8. Which is not required for diseases with droplets?
      - N95 mask
  9. Fever that shows significant variations <24h and returns to normal temp.?
      - Intermittent fever
  10. Which one is a cause of relative bradycardia?
      - Typhoid fever
  11. Which one is not a non-suppurative complication of acute tonsillopharyngitis caused by S. pyogenes?
      - Acute gromerulonephritis
  12. Which one is true about C. trochomatis infections?
      - C. trochomatis vaginitis, foamy green discharge, clue cells, strawberry cervix
  13. Which is true for transmission routes?
      - Tetanus and rabies enters the skin via abrasion and scrath
  14. Contamination with milk?
      - Listeria monocytogenes

- Pediatry
  1. 4 y/o patient, to diagnose the patient with TB, result of TST should be what?
      - 15>=
  2. Hangisi doğrudur?
      - Hand-foot-mouth disease, from trunk to limbs
  3. A patient comes, nothing is found. 2 days later, reddish-brown rash appears. What is the diasnosis?
      - Measles
  4. Pink macules spred trunk to neck and proximal extremities?
      - 6<sup>th</sup> disease
  5. Correct matching?
      - Postcervical LAP: Rubella
  6. < 5 mm clear-fluid filled?
      - Vesicle
  7. Air trapping ox X-Ray with wheezing and crakles bronchitis. Which one is the cause?
      - RSV
  8. Steeple sign
      - Acute laryngotracheobronchitis
  9. Difference between influenza and common cold?
      - Fever
  10. Aşı takviminde olmayan aşı?
      - Rotavirus
  11. Vaccine that is given orally?
      - Polio
  12. Which one is a contraindication for a vaccine?
      - Anaphylaxis to the same vaccine before
  13. Most common and most important complication of diptheria?
      - Myocarditis

- Pathology
  1. HIV-positive patient, 40 degree
      - Aspergillosis
  1. Whooping cough
      - Pertussis
  1. Wheezing, exudate...
      - Diphteria
  1. Black eschar, boxcar-shaped?
      - Anthrax
  1. Thick gelatinous capsule
      - Cryptoccoccus neoformans
  1. Maltese cross?
      - Babesiosis
  1. Cowdry type A
      - HSV
  1. HIV (+), pseudohypea
      - Candida albicans
  1. Caseous necrosis, granuloma
      - Mycobacterum tuberculosis